Features:
- Expression evaluation for all PEMDAS operations
- Polynomial root finding
- 2-variable systems of equations solving on polynomial variable x and linear y

Usage:
  Startup:
  - Start program by running $ cabal run calculator-ry

  Special Characters:
  '+' - addition
  '-' - subtraction
  '*' - multiplication
  '/' - division
  '^' - exponentiation
  '(',')' - parentheses
  '=' - equation
  ';' - system of equations
  'x' - polynomial variable
  'y' - linear responding variable

  Expressions:
  -  Enter an expression to evaluate it
  -  Expressions of 1 polynomial variable (x) will solve for roots
  -  Expressions of 2 or more variables or non-polynomial variables not supported

  Equations:
  -  Enter 2 expressions separated by a single '=' to input an equation
  -  Equations of no variables will be evaluated as a logic statement
  -  Equations of 1 polynomial variable (x) will solve for the variable
  -  Equations of 1 polynomial (x) and 1 responding variable (y) will solve for
     roots
  -  Other forms of equations not supported.

  Systems of Equations:
  -  Enter 2 equations separated by a ';' operator to solve as a system of equations
  -  Only 2-equation systems with one polynomial variable and one linear
     variable are supported
  -  Output is given as [(x,y)]
  -  Be sure to include both variables in the first equation of the system

  Exiting the Program:
  - Type 'exit' or 'quit' and enter to exit program.

Code Guide:

Data Structures:
Expr - ADT to represent mathematical operations, numbers, and variables, with a
       special case for negations

Op - mathematical operation type. Used in BinOp (Binary operation) form of Expr

Eqn - Equation of 2 expressions

SysEq - System of 2 equations

Poly - Polynomial, with a list of degrees and respective coefficients of x terms
      and y terms. While y terms are limited to only the 1 degree term, this
      implementation is meant to allow for polynomial y in the future


MAIN LOOP section:
Holds main as well as functions to parse input lines, and a handler to catch
errors and evaluate the different types of input properly within several sub
handlers.

PARSER FUNCTIONS section:
Contains several functions to parse each form of expression, as well as Eqns and
SysEqs.

EXPRESSION EVALUATION section:
Contains functions for evaluating expressions with no variables, evaluating
expressions with a variable set to a value, evaluating polynomial structues with
the x variable set to a value, and a function to differentiate an expression
with respect to a variable

POLYNOMIAL EVALUATION section:
Contains functions to find the root of a polynomial. Uses Newton's method to
evaluate polynomial's. Cauchy's bounds are used to bound a search area and
Newton's method is ran on many evenly spaced points within the area.

EXPRESSION CONVERSION section:
Contains function to turn an Eqn into an expression equal to 0 by subtracting
the right hand side from the left hand side. Also contains a function to turn
the terms of a Poly into an Expr with a specified variable name.

POLYNOMIAL AGGREGATION section:
Contains functions to convert an Expr into a Poly and to differentiate a
polynomial stored as a Poly with respect to the Poly's x variable.

SYSTEM OF EQUATIONS SOLVING section:
Contains functions for system of equations solving. Uses a relatively simplistic
method of solving one equation for y in terms of x, substituting this expression
into the other equation and solving for x, and then using the value to solve for
y.





Features I would have liked to add:
- Custom variable names
- Graphing

Known Bugs:
- Systems of equations can show duplicate results

